---
title: パートナー
ms.author: office365servicedesc
author: pamelaar
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
f1_keywords:
- office-365-partners
ms.service: o365-administration
localization_priority: Normal
ms.custom: Adm_ServiceDesc
ms.assetid: 4548fc58-0b7c-41c1-890c-d3dc41d24c64
description: As an authorized Microsoft partner, Microsoft Office 365 offers you an opportunity to grow your customer base and create lasting relationships with them. For a monthly or annual fee paid to you, your customers can use cloud-based services so they don't have to manage data backups, server hardware, and server updates. The services available to you depend on the types of services you are authorized to provide.
ms.openlocfilehash: e9de8e6b3aadc5c1dcc7ef9d3949439336220f32
ms.sourcegitcommit: d2cd67e52dd646b68bfbfd8a387e70a6da140a62
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: ja-JP
ms.lasthandoff: 07/14/2020
ms.locfileid: "45131691"
---
# <a name="partners"></a><span data-ttu-id="5bf3f-105">パートナー</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5bf3f-105">Partners</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="5bf3f-106">次に記載されているパートナー機能は、21Vianet が運用している Office 365 で使用可能です。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5bf3f-106">Partner features as described below are not yet available in Office 365 operated by 21Vianet.</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="5bf3f-107">As an authorized Microsoft partner, Microsoft Office 365 offers you an opportunity to grow your customer base and create lasting relationships with them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5bf3f-107">As an authorized Microsoft partner, Microsoft Office 365 offers you an opportunity to grow your customer base and create lasting relationships with them.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5bf3f-108">For a monthly or annual fee paid to you, your customers can use cloud-based services so they don't have to manage data backups, server hardware, and server updates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5bf3f-108">For a monthly or annual fee paid to you, your customers can use cloud-based services so they don't have to manage data backups, server hardware, and server updates.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5bf3f-109">The services available to you depend on the types of services you are authorized to provide.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5bf3f-109">The services available to you depend on the types of services you are authorized to provide.</span></span>
  
> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="5bf3f-110">For more information on how to use partner features, see [Build your business and administer your Office 365 partner subscription](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=271614&amp;clcid=0x409) and review the partner features presentation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5bf3f-110">For more information on how to use partner features, see [Build your business and administer your Office 365 partner subscription](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=271614&amp;clcid=0x409) and review the partner features presentation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5bf3f-111">To receive access to the partner features, you can join Cloud Essentials by signing the [Microsoft Online Services Partner Agreement](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=285473).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5bf3f-111">To receive access to the partner features, you can join Cloud Essentials by signing the [Microsoft Online Services Partner Agreement](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=285473).</span></span> 
  
## <a name="create-trial-invitations-and-purchase-orders"></a><span data-ttu-id="5bf3f-112">試用版への招待および発注書の作成</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5bf3f-112">Create trial invitations and purchase orders</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="5bf3f-113">You can create and send trial invitations to your customers so they can try Office 365 by using the **Partner overview** page in Office 365.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5bf3f-113">You can create and send trial invitations to your customers so they can try Office 365 by using the **Partner overview** page in Office 365.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5bf3f-114">The invitation can contain one or more services, depending on the offer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5bf3f-114">The invitation can contain one or more services, depending on the offer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5bf3f-115">If you're certified to offer delegated administration, you can add an option to the trial invitation that allows you to administer the account on behalf of your customer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5bf3f-115">If you're certified to offer delegated administration, you can add an option to the trial invitation that allows you to administer the account on behalf of your customer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5bf3f-116">This makes it easier for your customer to try Office 365.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5bf3f-116">This makes it easier for your customer to try Office 365.</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="5bf3f-117">After you've sent a trial invitation for Office 365 to a customer, you can follow up by creating and sending a purchase offer that's customized to fit the needs of your customer including the specific services and the number of licenses your customer needs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5bf3f-117">After you've sent a trial invitation for Office 365 to a customer, you can follow up by creating and sending a purchase offer that's customized to fit the needs of your customer including the specific services and the number of licenses your customer needs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5bf3f-118">If you're certified to offer delegated administration, you can add the option to the purchase offer that allows you to administer the account on behalf of your customer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5bf3f-118">If you're certified to offer delegated administration, you can add the option to the purchase offer that allows you to administer the account on behalf of your customer.</span></span>
  
## <a name="provide-delegated-administration"></a><span data-ttu-id="5bf3f-119">代理管理の提供</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5bf3f-119">Provide delegated administration</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="5bf3f-120">Delegated administration allows a partner to have full administrative access to all the customer's services and subscriptions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5bf3f-120">Delegated administration allows a partner to have full administrative access to all the customer's services and subscriptions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5bf3f-121">This means you can perform administrative tasks on behalf of customers (including setting up mailboxes, adding or removing users and groups, data migration, and submitting service requests to Microsoft Customer Service and Support).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5bf3f-121">This means you can perform administrative tasks on behalf of customers (including setting up mailboxes, adding or removing users and groups, data migration, and submitting service requests to Microsoft Customer Service and Support).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5bf3f-122">Delegated administration capability is offered exclusively for partners who are enrolled in Cloud Essentials, Cloud Accelerate or the Cloud Deployment programs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5bf3f-122">Delegated administration capability is offered exclusively for partners who are enrolled in Cloud Essentials, Cloud Accelerate or the Cloud Deployment programs.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="5bf3f-123">Before you can start administering a customer's account, the customer must authorize you as a delegated administrator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5bf3f-123">Before you can start administering a customer's account, the customer must authorize you as a delegated administrator.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5bf3f-124">To get customer approval, you send them an offer for delegated administration, which you can include with a trial invitation or purchase offer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5bf3f-124">To get customer approval, you send them an offer for delegated administration, which you can include with a trial invitation or purchase offer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5bf3f-125">The customer authorizes a Delegated Administration partner by responding to the partner's invitational email.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5bf3f-125">The customer authorizes a Delegated Administration partner by responding to the partner's invitational email.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="5bf3f-126">各お客様には、1人の委任された管理パートナーを付与する資格があります。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5bf3f-126">Each customer is entitled to have one delegated administration partner.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5bf3f-127">このパートナーはカスタマーの登録パートナー (POR) にすることもできますが、必須ではありません。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5bf3f-127">This partner can also be a customer's Partner of Record (POR) but does not need to be.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5bf3f-128">登録パートナーと代理管理パートナーの役割は分離されており、カスタマーはそれぞれを別に指定します。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5bf3f-128">The roles of POR and delegated administration partners are separate, and the customer designates them separately.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5bf3f-129">これにより、カスタマーは購入のアドバイスを得るためにあるパートナーを選択し、実装や管理されたサービスのために別のパートナーを選択することができます。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5bf3f-129">This lets a customer choose one partner for purchase advice and another partner for implementation or managed services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5bf3f-130">また、パートナーもこれらの役割の一方または両方を専門としてビジネスを構築するかどうかを選択することができます。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5bf3f-130">It also lets partners choose whether to build business with a specialty in one or both of these roles.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="5bf3f-131">カスタマーが代理として管理タスクを実行するパートナーを承認した場合にも、そのカスタマーは直接 Microsoft サポートに連絡を取ってサービス要求を送信することができます。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5bf3f-131">Even when a customer has authorized a partner to perform administrative tasks on its behalf, the customer can still contact Microsoft support directly and submit service requests.</span></span>
  
## <a name="connect-with-customers-and-other-partners-in-the-office-365-marketplace"></a><span data-ttu-id="5bf3f-132">Office 365 Marketplace でのカスタマーや他のパートナーとの結びつき</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5bf3f-132">Connect with customers and other partners in the Office 365 Marketplace</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="5bf3f-133">The Office 365 Marketplace offers customers the opportunity to find partner services and expertise.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5bf3f-133">The Office 365 Marketplace offers customers the opportunity to find partner services and expertise.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5bf3f-134">For more information, see [Get listed in the Marketplace](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=272019&amp;clcid=0x409).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5bf3f-134">For more information, see [Get listed in the Marketplace](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=272019&amp;clcid=0x409).</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="5bf3f-135">The Microsoft Partner Network is committed to serving the needs of our partners.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5bf3f-135">The Microsoft Partner Network is committed to serving the needs of our partners.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="5bf3f-136">To join the network, and to see how Microsoft serves its partners, see [Microsoft Partner Network](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=272021&amp;clcid=0x409).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5bf3f-136">To join the network, and to see how Microsoft serves its partners, see [Microsoft Partner Network](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=272021&amp;clcid=0x409).</span></span>
  
## <a name="feature-availability"></a><span data-ttu-id="5bf3f-137">機能の可用性</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5bf3f-137">Feature availability</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="5bf3f-138">Microsoft 365 および Office 365 プラン全体の機能の可用性を表示するには、「 [microsoft 365 And office 365 platform service description](office-365-platform-service-description.md)」を参照してください。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="5bf3f-138">To view feature availability across Microsoft 365 and Office 365 plans, see [Microsoft 365 and Office 365 platform service description](office-365-platform-service-description.md).</span></span>
  